In the day's other news:
Russia's official RIA
news agency reported
the U.S. and Russia
are talking about creating a
cyber-security working group.
President Trump had raised a
similar idea during the G20
summit, but backed off under
heavy criticism.
This latest report comes amid
multiple U.S. investigations
of Russian meddling in the
2016 election.
The Congressional Budget Office
says that a revised Senate
Republican health care bill
leaves as many people uninsured
as a previous version.
The CBO reported today
that, under the bill,
another 22 million Americans
would lose coverage
by 2026.
The measure would also reduce
federal deficits by $420
billion over the coming decade.
So far, GOP leaders still lack
the votes to debate the bill.
The health of Senator
John McCain dominated this
day at the U.S. Capitol.
The Arizona Republican has been
diagnosed with brain cancer,
and doctors removed a tumor,
but McCain may need
additional treatment.
The news stunned lawmakers from
both parties, who said they're
hoping for the best for their
longtime colleague.
SEN.
PATRICK LEAHY (D), Vermont:
He's a good friend.
We agree and we disagree.
But he's one of the oldest
-- he keeps his word.
And I know we will be praying
for him at mass this weekend.
SEN.
LINDSEY GRAHAM (R), South
Carolina: He may outlive us all.
I don't know what -- God only
knows how this thing ends.
I just ask God for one thing,
that he has a voice and he can
use it as long as possible.
JUDY WOODRUFF: McCain is 80,
having survived seven years in
a North Vietnamese prison during
the Vietnam War.
He was a Republican presidential
nominee in 2008 and is
serving his sixth term in the
Senate.
Today, he tweeted: "I
greatly appreciate the
outpouring of support.
Unfortunately, for my sparring
partners in Congress, I will
be back soon, so stand by."
For the first time in the global
AIDS epidemic, more than half
of all those infected with
HIV are on drugs
to treat the virus.
A United Nations report today
also finds that overall AIDS
deaths have fallen to about half
the level of 2005.
The disease has killed
35 million people over
the past four decades.
O.J. Simpson was granted
parole in Nevada today, after
nearly nine years in prison,
and could be freed in October.
The one-time pro football star
had been jailed for an armed
robbery in 2007 involving his
own sports mementos.
Today, in a live-streamed
hearing, Simpson, now 70 years
old, pleaded his case to the
state parole board.
O.J.
SIMPSON, Inmate: I
have done my time.
You know, I have done it
as well and as respectfully
as I think anybody can.
I think if you talk to the
wardens there, they will tell
you I have been -- I gave them
my word.
I believe in the jury system.
I have honored their verdict.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Simpson's
defenders said that his 33-year
sentence was overly harsh, and
that he was really being
punished for the murders of his
ex-wife and her friend in 1994.
He was acquitted of
those killings in 1995.
The U.S. Senate today confirmed
a federal appeals judge,
despite a series of blog posts
that Democrats condemned.
Kentucky lawyer John
Bush was approved 51-47.
In one online posting, under a
pseudonym, he called abortion
and slavery -- quote -- "the
two greatest tragedies
in our country."
He also linked to articles on a
far-right conspiracy Web site.
ExxonMobil was fined $2 million
today for violating U.S.
sanctions on Russia in 2014.
The oil giant said that it will
challenge the fine in court.
The U.S. Treasury Department
says the company showed reckless
disregard for sanctions by
signing deals with
the head of Russia's
state-owned oil company.
At the time, Secretary
of State Rex Tillerson
was ExxonMobil's CEO.
And on Wall Street, the
Dow Jones industrial
average lost about 29
points to close at 21611.
The Nasdaq rose about five, and
the S&P 500 slipped a fraction.